Update monitoring functions documentation (#127986)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-functions/monitor-functions.md

For the available resource log categories, their associated Log Analytics tables, and the logs schemas for Azure Functions, see [Azure Functions monitoring data reference](monitor-functions-reference.md#resource-logs).

>[!NOTE]  

> >Telemetry is processed in batches. Depending on the batch size, entries may be dropped if the payload is excessively large or contains unescaped special characters. To avoid data loss, limit the size of logs—particularly when capturing large XML or JSON payloads—to 10,000 characters, and ensure that special characters are properly escaped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>[!IMPORTANT]
>Application Insights processes telemetry in batches. When a batch payload is too large or contains unescaped special characters, log entries might be dropped. To help prevent data loss:
>
>+ Limit individual log messages to 10,000 characters, especially when you log large XML or JSON payloads.
>+ Escape special characters in log data.
>+ Summarize or truncate large payloads before you log them.
```
